offline query storage options changelog (#227)
chalk-ai/docs: changelog.mdx

We've enabled support for using [Pub/Sub](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub?hl=en) as a streaming source.
Read more about how to use Pub/Sub as a streaming source [here](/docs/streams).

### Online/Offline Storage for Offline Queries

> Outputs for offline query can now be automatically transferred to online and offline storage with the parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outputs for offline query can now be automatically loaded to the online and offline store with the parameters
```

`store_online=True` and `store_offline=True` in `ChalkClient().offline_query()`.

> See [the docs](https://docs.chalk.ai/api-docs#ChalkClient.offline_query) for more details.

Reviewer: we should wait until we can link to the specific parameter in the docs
